I had many challenges with this assignment. Firstly, I needed to learn and find which components I should use. At first, I only had these components, which are RecipeCard, SearchBar and ThemeSwitch; and the HomeScreen for the app screen. While working on it, I got more and more of them, which I found they are usable for my app since I wanted to build a dynamic app (not a static one from the examples). I wanted to develop a more complex app because that matches my original web app version. And of course, adding more components made everything more difficult, I needed to use AI to help. I made a dynamic app because I had to fetch the data from an API, so it's more difficult than all of the examples. But I want to try doing that instead of only doing the small thing. My curiosity really pushes me work harder for this assignment.

Secondly, it's uneasy to make the app look exactly like the wireframe. I did the wireframe on Figma, I tried to make it as simple as possible, but my coding knowledge is not enough to make the final app look similar to what I imagine. I will try again for the next assignment. I also tried to apply the dark mode from the theme.tsx, but it didn't work on the navigation bars. I will fix it next time. 

The ScrollView is very useful for any app; I applied using it and enjoyed it. Using theme for the app is also convenient since I could change any color for some component and it would be synced without editing each of them.

This is also my first time doing the documentation, and I am not sure if it's correct. I used README.md for the documentation.

Of course, I asked AI to help me a lot with this assignment. I used Copilot installed in VS Code, and it helped me to explain which part I couldn't understand. I also kept all the logs inside the Typescript files. If I have more time, I could do more with the UX & UI of the app. For now, I will leave them for the next assignment, which I will build a multi screen application, I can edit and add more stuff I mentioned above.
